feat: SQL Server 2025 support (plus as_columnstore docs and a store-failures regression test) (#721)
dbt-msft/dbt-sqlserver: README.md

[dbt](https://www.getdbt.com) adapter for Microsoft SQL Server and Azure SQL services.

The adapter supports dbt-core 1.10 or newer and follows the same versioning scheme.
E.g. version 1.10.x of the adapter will be compatible with dbt-core 1.10.x.

## Supported SQL Server versions

The adapter is tested against the following SQL Server versions:

| SQL Server version | Supported |
|---|---|
| SQL Server 2017 | ✅ (minimum supported version) |
| SQL Server 2019 | ✅ |
| SQL Server 2022 | ✅ |
| SQL Server 2025 | ✅ |
| Azure SQL Database | ✅ |
| Azure SQL Managed Instance | ✅ |

The minimum supported SQL Server version is SQL Server 2017; older versions are not supported.

> SQL Server 2017, 2019, 2022, and 2025 are covered by the integration test suite, and Azure SQL services are tested separately.

Reviewer: The minimum supported SQL Server version is SQL Server 2017 is still valid,
| Azure SQL Database | ✅ |
| Azure SQL Managed Instance | ✅ | 
Are not tested

```suggestion
## Supported SQL Server versions

SQL Server 2017, 2019, 2022, and 2025 are covered by the integration test suite. Azure SQL Database and Azure SQL Managed Instance are not covered by the integration test suite, but are expected to be compatible.
```

Author: Thanks - I used this
